well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so I took a couple days off took
my kids down to Legoland if you've never
been there it's an amusement park it is
a an amusement park a normal amusement
park rollercoasters stuff like that
carousels but it's Lego themed
throughout the entire park there are
these massive sculptures there's no
other word for it
life-sized elephants giraffes dragons
that are three times my size city
escapes with skyscrapers as big as I own
it's pretty impressive to look at cuz
they're built out of these little baby
bricks time themselves are not them
little brick but when they come together
that image shows up that sculpture and
in that way it's a lot like society it's
a lot like the way we teach history you
know when we teach history we
personified we talk about those people
who are larger than life those people
whose individual existence somehow
altered the course of history at least
that's the story we tell sometimes
that's deserved more often than not
though it's not the figures
it's the bricks it's what makes up every
image
will there be a city country a culture
it's the brick it's the individual brick
coming together most times these bricks
are directed from the outside they're
told what to build and when that happens
bricks that don't conform bricks that
aren't part of what the designer wants
well they get left out bricks that are
the wrong color bricks that are shaped a
little bit differently function a little
in a different way those don't make it
those get stuffed in a box set off to
the side they don't become part of the
image they've wasted
think it might be time for bricks to
start thinking for themselves because
this is where all the power is powers in
the brick
one brick meets another connects to
like-minded bricks well that's the
foundation and then from there they can
build whatever I have a feeling if brick
started building images for themselves
they'd be a lot more powerful a lot more
inclusive in more ways
in a lot of different shapes
wouldn't be as uniform
but I have a feeling that if brick
started doing that people walking by or
they'd see it and they'd want to
replicate it I also think that brick
started doing that they'd be a whole lot
less likely to end up stuffed in a box
and sold or sold and then stuffed into a
box it might be time for bricks in the
local community to start connecting and
start building stuff on their own start
building their own images because if you
know you take a brick you take this
brick and you add it to some giant
cityscape it's not changing anything
it's not altering the image it's still
what it was before that brick is just
becoming a part of it being assimilated
into it
become a cog in it but with another
brick that's like-minded could start to
build something different something
that's useful for all bricks rather than
just those watching and designing and
sewing
think most bricks would be just fine on
their own most bricks would cooperate
bricks have an innate desire to create
rather than destroy
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good night